Clarifies the note on text format export abbreviation expansion to reflect impact (#1420)
WebAssembly/spec: document/core/text/modules.rst

       (\iff \Tid^? \neq \epsilon \wedge \Tid' = \Tid^? \vee \Tid^? = \epsilon \wedge \Tid' \idfresh) \\
   \end{array}

> Only the export abbreviation can be repeated, with ":math:`\dots`". This means expansion can result in any number of exports followed by up to one import.

Reviewer: Hm, not sure this is much clearer than the original wording. How about:
```suggestion
.. note::
   The latter abbreviation can be applied repeatedly, if ":math:`\dots`" contains additional export clauses.
   Consequently, a function definition can contain any number of exports, followed by either an import or a function body.
```

       (\iff \Tid^? \neq \epsilon \wedge \Tid' = \Tid^? \vee \Tid^? = \epsilon \wedge \Tid' \idfresh) \\
   \end{array}

.. note::
   The latter abbreviation can be applied repeatedly, if ":math:`\dots`" contains additional export clauses.

>    Consequently, a function definition can contain any number of exports, followed by either an import or a function body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Consequently, a function declaration can contain any number of exports, possibly followed by an import.
```

       (\iff \Tid^? \neq \epsilon \wedge \Tid' = \Tid^? \vee \Tid^? = \epsilon \wedge \Tid' \idfresh) \\
   \end{array}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. note::
```

   The latter abbreviation can be applied repeatedly, if ":math:`\dots`" contains additional export clauses.

>    Consequently, a function definition can contain any number of exports, followed by either an import or an inline element segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Consequently, a table declaration can contain any number of exports, possibly followed by an import.
```

       (\iff \Tid^? \neq \epsilon \wedge \Tid' = \Tid^? \vee \Tid^? = \epsilon \wedge \Tid' \idfresh) \\
   \end{array}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. note::
```

   The latter abbreviation can be applied repeatedly, if ":math:`\dots`" contains additional export clauses.

>    Consequently, a function definition can contain any number of exports, followed by either an import or an inline data segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Consequently, a memory declaration can contain any number of exports, possibly followed by an import.
```

       (\iff \Tid^? \neq \epsilon \wedge \Tid' = \Tid^? \vee \Tid^? = \epsilon \wedge \Tid' \idfresh) \\
   \end{array}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. note::
```

   The latter abbreviation can be applied repeatedly, if ":math:`\dots`" contains additional export clauses.

>    Consequently, a function definition can contain any number of exports, followed by either an import or a global type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Consequently, a global's declaration can contain any number of exports, possibly followed by an import.
```

       (\iff \Tid^? \neq \epsilon \wedge \Tid' = \Tid^? \vee \Tid^? = \epsilon \wedge \Tid' \idfresh) \\
   \end{array}

   The latter abbreviation can be applied repeatedly, if ":math:`\dots`" contains additional export clauses.

>    Consequently, a function definition can contain any number of exports, followed by either an import or a global type.

Author: not sure "global type" is the best wording here, so if you have a better one let me know!

Reviewer: The type is present in either case, the difference would be the initialiser after the type. But see my suggestion to drop that part.
